All that time ago,  before it all came to be
it lived as a reprint of a dream--
A [MEMORY] that was never true,
a simple [FANTASY].
NOTE Section 2
All from just one choice, a different answer
To pursue a whole new life, a world.
"Creativity here for all" was how it came to be.
NOTE Section 3
Time has led me to learn so much,
tending to our [CITYSCAPE].
Even through the [STORM'S BOLTS] that called our nurture
a [RUINED GLORY],
This universe is more then just a "game" to me.
NOTE Section 4
To you, trailing through the years,
On this V-ENTURE, we've adhered...
Under eyes like starry skies,
Our [GARDEN] here to stay.
(Oh, don't be [DECIEVED])
Yes, like a family.
this world is a home to see
Even if you forget someday,
I'll always be near,
with a "thank you" for all of you to hear.
NOTE Section 5
(888, thank you, Open World!)
(Forever, thank you, Open World!)